Went for my Daughters 13th birthday because she is a huge Ramsay fan and it did not disappoint! First the staff saw her wearing a sash and crown and we got seated right in front of the kitchen right in the middle and it was AWESOME! A heads up the pre fixe menus can not be shared but anything else you order can. There was 4 of us and we wanted to try different things but it can be expensive so yes we shared and has no issues with serving size or weird looks! Wait staff was amazing and really all staff we encountered were amazing! We ordered some of the known dishes like lobster risotto, scallops, Wellington and his famous dessert! It was so memorable and would totally go back. Only draw back for me was paying $25 to park in the parking structure for casino/hotel. Everything we ordered, including tip and parking was a little under $300 oh an we only had water.
We didn't get to eat here since it was a last minute idea to check it out, and we didn't have a reservation. We got to check out the menu and the entrance way, which had photos of all the past season contestants. Mom even got to take a picture with past winners Christina and Michelle, who were up for photo shoots! Definitely worth the trip if you have a reservation! Book in advance!
What great service! Staff were super friendly and very knowledgeable on the menu. They made suggestions based on popular pairings and recommended the fixed menu. While we didn't partake in the set menu, there was more than enough food! When they first brought out the beef wellingtons, I was a little worried that it would not be enough. They looked so small! But I was very full after the meal, and we were treated to sticky toffee pudding on top of it. Definitely make a reservation! We had a reservation for 11 and there was already a line when we got there. There was absolutely no issue getting a table with the reservation, we waited maybe five minutes from walking in the door to being seated. While this is a Hell's Kitchen themed restaurant, as someone who has never seen the show, the food still stands out as excellent and it does not feel gimmicky.